# Implementing Internationalization with i18next

## What challenges did you face while setting up i18next?

- I didn't face challenges with the setup of i18next but when I was using it to translate the nav bar, I got the "i18n.changeLanguage is not a function error" since I had imported ./i18n after rendering the <App />, then when the app tried to use the translation hooks (useTranslation()), the i18next instance hadn't been ready yet.

## Why is it important to use a library like i18next instead of manually handling translations?

- Organizes translations into namespaces and language files, making things scalable.no need to hardcode like.

```js
if (lang === 'ko') return '홈';
```

-i18next can switch languages dynamically without reloading the page and it manages fallbacks if a key is missing in one language.

- Supports pluralization, interpolation, formatting.
- Community-tested and maintained (Security, performance, and edge cases are already handled.)

## How would you handle dynamic content (e.g., user-generated text) in a multilingual app?

- If the content needs to be translated dynamically:We can use a translation API like Google Translate, Microsoft Translator, or DeepL.
  Example flow:

      - User posts in English.
      - A Korean user clicks "Translate" → an API call translates it on demand.
      - We cache/store the translation if needed.

- In platforms where multilingual input is expected: We can provide an option for users to submit in multiple languages.
